Welcome to r/Funny:
You may only post if you are funny. 
Please read our complete rules page before posting.
New to Reddit? Click here!, and visit /r/Newtoreddit 
hover for details
Want to see /r/funny with these posts? Click here!
Please note:
Hate speech and bigotry will be removed at the moderators' discretion.
Bots and bot-like accounts are not allowed.
No link shorteners (or HugeURL) in either post links or comments. They will be deleted regardless of intent. This is an anti-spam measure.
All submissions to /r/Funny are governed by Reddit's policies on self-promotion and spam.
Looking for something else? Visit our friends!
✨⭐ Don't miss our 50-million-subscriber-mark celebration! ⭐✨
This is a friendly reminder to read our rules. 
Memes, social media, hate-speech, and pornography are not allowed. 
Screenshots of Reddit are expressly forbidden, as are TikTok videos.
Rule-breaking posts may result in bans.
Please also be wary of spam.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Sounds like they've made a quantum version of the retro encabulator.
My friends and I learned this script and used to just randomly say it lol
Buddy told me they showed him that in engineering school and said "at the end, you'll understand this video"
Said it took him years to realize it was a joke.
It's one of the oldest engineering jokes out there. GE even made a data sheet for it.
https://imgur.com/a/bCwxW
Classic, whoozwattsit and the thingamabob
But don't mistake either for a whatchamacallit, you'll end up with chocolate everywhere
At my first job, my manager asked if I could run next door to a convenient store, and grab her a whatchamacallit.
I earnestly responded, "Um, you're going to have to be more specific", because I had never heard of the candy bar.
She thought I was making a stupid joke and giving her a hard time. I had to explain that I really didn't know what she wanted.
Material: Amulite; Tremie-pipes are of Crapaloy
—(tungsten cowhide)
Dimension drawings on delivery?  You won't tell me how big it is till it's here? What if it won't fit through the door?
I taught a pump/electric motor class and told the guys to pay attention to that wonderful retro encabulator video. Half started laughing and the other half dropped their pencils and looked like they were going to walk out lol
Half of them understood that it was a joke.  The others thought you were being serious, and were deciding between just dropping the course or dropping out of college entirely.
Was a inter company training from multiple states. No dropping but they got real nervous. I’m no genius. I teach to the bottom quarter and answer questions to the upper quarter.
The Patriot on Amazon did something similar with piping! https://youtu.be/P5-9Rfrui9A?si=vVSBhY0ROjndOJEF
Reminds me of Patriot
Boy am I triggered.   I still claim PTSD for what the show did to us.   Not one resolution, but boy was it good until it punched us in the face.  I do have the book "Structural Dynamics of Flow."
Its resolution-devoid state I can accept, people having no clue it ever existed and failing to mention the show as the protype of a great Amazon Original - while of course circlejerking in the hundredth thread about Invincible (which is great and all) how they finally did something great or something to that effect... it's a bit maddening. Doesn't seem to happen a whole lot, maybe with Cinemax shows. Quarry comes to mind, that one season was entirely on point.
Either way, Patriot was fantastic.
That's what I feel like when I hear someone speaking Dutch. I feel like I should know what they're saying, but the words don't make sense.
Wat lul je nou weer uit je nek, jij met je mismaakte pleuriskop? Donderstraal toch op, spuuglelijke achterkleinzoon van een geplukte gier.
[*Said with love/humor]
Wat lul je nou weer uit je nek, jij met je mismaakte pleuriskop? Donderstraal toch op, spuuglelijke achterkleinzoon van een geplukte gier.
Rude
Ruud
I have two engineering degrees. I've worked on several projects that were jokes. They were FUNDED jokes, though. so I kept showing up.
And at the end, he actually does understand the video.
Huh, I always wondered how plumbuses were made.
Reminds me of this speech from “Patriot”:
https://youtu.be/ccnfHKZebRk?si=06t4x3M3GjDqb2xs
I was thinking the same thing.  What a great show.
I prefer Turbo Encabulator Classic
I do not get the joke, and this displeased me. Can someone with absolutely way too much time on their hands explain it for me. Like I chew crayons, please?
It's technobabble. This is probably the oldest example of it, the original meme dates all the way back to 1944. There's maybe 2 seconds in his whole spiel where he even slightly makes sense, the rest of it is describing completely fictional processes of completely fictional components of a completely fictional product, but the jargon is so similar to descriptions of real life devices that it can easily fool people into thinking it's real.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turbo_encabulator
Just watched a YouTube video someone posted about it.
I watched the video first, and got frustrated. All the engineers in the comments truly did not help... Lol
Then I read your reply, and am playfully enjoying the bliss my ignorance has granted me at this particular moment.
Thank you for your time.
You’re one of today’s lucky 10,000! 
https://m.xkcd.com/1053/
Thank you for that, I've seen 4 or 5 sketches that pay home to the meme, but had no idea where the original came from. I thought it came from the original sketch. 
So, TIL
Ding alarm.
i heard "dingled arm"
I worked for an engineering consulting firm where the founder would throw in random technobabble when he was hired to be an expert witness because nobody ever called bullshit on him. He did this in a court of law. He drove a Porsche.
He did not go up against the right asshole lawyer or judge.
I think it's a thing a lot of expert witnesses did. I saw one guy took a very large and very general UL safety standard and made some changes to it in a way that would help him in these cases, and send it to a vanity press, a company that would turn whatever you sent them into a book. And he made a career carrying that book around putting it into evidence. I've seen that happen with other witnesses, too. 
I mean, maybe this is what smart people do. If the chance of getting caught is low enough, why not?
brb, getting a book printed with my ideal traffic laws. Boy is the next cop who stops me going to get a surprise!
"Speeding you say? I wrote the book on the physics of speed manipulation by the planar Sawyer beam used in current 6th generation of Radio Detection and Ranging systems...such as the one you are using. Here is my book. Read chapter 3, subsection 4, paragraph 2, and in particular sentence #3. You will note that with aerial vortices in the conjectular difference chamber, waves will behave in a metallurgical syndromatic fashion, therefore negating the quotient that is set for the Beringhimer focusing ring, which in turn gave you that reading in error. Good day sir. Please Venmo me $24.95 for the book"
because the other side can hire their own expert witness, who also has experience in the field to call BS.
I'm shocked it worked, because the first thing any two safety experts do when they meet in the wild is yell at each other about how the other person's totally wrong about the safety standard until both of them have to consult the actual, original text and realize they're both wrong.
It's a bullshit question!
Does that mean that you can't answer it?
The two yoots…
Well I both admire him and am also terrified by his willingness to take advantage of the ignorance of others from both a legal and professionally sworn position of integrity.
Then again if it had no negative material effect, fuck the law and our meaninglessly biased systems.
Ill share a funny, but irritating thing that happened to me in court.
Without getting into a really long story, I was in court where my step mother accused me of hacking her computer and slowing down the internet and occasionally shutting it off to piss her off (this wasn't why we were in court, just a moment in court).
I explained I couldn't even do this because her computer had the router next to it so if I was shutting it off she would physically see me unplug the damn thing.  And the fact that I had no idea how to shut it off wirelessly, as I did not have access to their ISP accounts to control that stuff.  
My father who works with computers and network security, explains in detail why this was basically impossible for me to do.  But he didn't really explain it in a way that makes sense for the average person. 
So after hes done talking, the judge just kind of stares at him for a second and is like "Huh? uhh... you need to make sure you son stops hacking computers or he'll end up in prison" and just moves on from that topic. 
And my step mom had this smirk on her face like "see? told ya" 
I can tell you right now I don't know jack shit about hacking computers lmao.  She accused me of this because one day we got into an argument, and right after our internet started having some issues.  She comes into my room to blame me for the internet, and i am like "yeah, its not working for me either" but she sees me playing some single player game and assumed it needed internet.  So I must have turned hers off while keeping mine on.  Or whatever.
I was exposed to the real workings of this joint slowly over years. I was a librarian and the work was going away. I'd been unemployed briefly before coming there so I was not looking forward to looking for work again. I should have left.
All the hard core engineers I know would have grilled him until they understood what he was talking about. At some point they would've figured out he was BS'ing or that he was incapable of explaining the concept. If it was the latter, they would have tracked down somebody smarter to explain it better.
Don’t think there’s many hard core engineers usually present in a court of law, short of a potential expert witness
Real life Robert California
It’s a sexual metaphor
"Why is Jim treating the magician poorly?"
I'd rather hear the animal metaphor, please...
When two animals are having sex…
holy shit, i work for an engineering consulting firm and if we ever did this we would get Dauberted to high hell
That’s because most people find people who speak in jargon as ineffective… I try to find expert witnesses who can speak to the general population. Jargon tends to confuse people and not impress them. I wouldn’t cross an expert on the use of jargon as I will just come off as pedantic. You cross experts on bias most of the time, not their opinions.
If someone finds out then it's grounds for retrial for any case he's been an expert witness in, no matter if he threw in random technobabble or not.
Given how well-rehearsed this seems they're probably reading it off a quantum physics paper indeed.
https://cfp.physics.northwestern.edu/documents/StochasticPhaseSwitching.pdf
Madlad actually found it
He beat me to it. I was scrolling through scientific journals trying to remember which one it was published in while I was getting my anus bleached for my upcoming gay porn debut Risky With A Chance of Blueballs.
wut
Let's just say I'm expecting a lot of stochastic phase shifting in my Penning trap.
Buddum ‘tsss
Bleached buddum 'tsss
It was fresh in my mind. Somewhat of a seminal paper for VX circumvention and often brought up over at r/VXJunkies when we need a laugh. The lengths so call “classical” scientists go to avoid having to dabble in the VX realm is astonishing.
OH MY GOD IS THIS STILL A THING.    
I stumbled into some other sub and I thought it was this for a minute but I turned out to just be too stupid to understand them.
Hey baby... are you an electron penning trap? Because you just stochastically phase switched your way into my heart.
I can confirm that the first sentence seems very plausible - you would indeed use a Penning trap to study that, but beyond that I'm lost. 
Sounds to me like they are quoting stuff
Obviously...
::nods confidently::
acknowledge with conviction
You cant even be sure you are here right now, yet you can be certain from your own perspective that you do exist altho my frame of reference of your existence isint a confirmation of your poorly conceived self existence bias.
Duh……….
Carrey was clearly reading it off a cue card
They both are.
And Max? I couldn't see any glances myself.
Goddamn professional. No wonder he left to play drums with the Boss.
Good dramatic reading. But instead of reading "can have either of", he said "can either have", without supplying a complementary "or", thus leaving the audience hanging. Plus a couple other minor issues. Then Conan totally misread the math part.
I can confirm this is not technobabble amd was curated by a physicist. They are talking about an electron stuck in a Penning trap, a magnetic field that keeps the electron spinning in a circle. The electron has some property which is changing in sync with the trap, like every time it goes halfway around the trap, it changes its spin maybe? They aren't specific. It is parametrically driven meaning it's an emergent cycling. There is a frequency doubling which is an interesting phemomenon that happens in chaotic systems. My guess is they increase the penning traps strength then suddenly it changes spin twice then four times per cycle. It eventually becomes chaotic. Source: PhD physics.
If by paper you mean teleprompter, yes. You can tell how he's staring right at it.
Well, where else is he gonna read it?
Off the autocue, like they clearly were
I noticed that immediately. It’s funny how obvious it is when somebody’s reading off a prompter. I remember watching Ali G on a talk show omce and it was so obvious he was reading off a prompter. I guess when you’re making it all up it’s hard to just talk extemporaneously.
What do you need verified ? This is common knowledge.
Lol OP knows nothing about quantum physics. ASS
Ah ha! So you're a student of theoretical applied harmonics! Putting aside Ralston's Constant of Universal Inversion for a moment, how would you approach the problem? Draw the harmonic energy into the reagent or allow it to generate its own field?"
I would use the blue thing
The blue thing... Yes, yes, yes! I can see your point. Draw out the necessary energies using a Jarol Apparatus! But wait! What about soul reversal??
How about using calipers?
Calipers? That's utterly ridiculous...Hold on, you've given me a brilliant idea! Just as calipers hold materials in place, a soul siphon can hold magic fields in place. Genius! And I'm sure you've completely worked out how to counteract complete dimensional collapse, right?"
Swallow a soul gem?
Are you completely insane??Swallow a soul gem? 
Why, that has to be the most brilliant and unexpected solution I've heard in a long time! It solves all of my problems and keeps the field stable! Now all I need... 
Wait...what were we talking about?
The apple pie recipe?
Apple pie!? That’s completely implausible!
Jarol Apparatus
Ah yes. The Ja Rule Apparatus! Why didn't I think of that? Colour me a poorly factored phi constant!
I'd just reverse the polarity... like Donatello did with every single device they encountered.
Reverse the polarity of the neutron flow. Brilliant.
why did i know that this is about the hold mage of riften, wylandriah, instantly?
Sir, this is Wendy's
Clever bit.
What year was this? What movie was he there to promote?
23 is in my top 10. Brilliant movie, great acting by Jim (and the whole cast). I don't think drama is a go to for him but he can defnitely pull it off.
Well, physical quantities of interest – position, momentum, energy, spin – are represented by observables, which are Hermitian (more precisely, self-adjoint) linear operators acting on the Hilbert space. A quantum state can be an eigenvector of an observable, in which case it is called an eigenstate, and the associated eigenvalue corresponds to the value of the observable in that eigenstate. More generally, a quantum state will be a linear combination of the eigenstates, known as a quantum superposition. When an observable is measured, the result will be one of its eigenvalues with probability given by the Born rule: in the simplest case the eigenvalue λ \lambda is non-degenerate and the probability is given by | ⟨ λ → , ψ ⟩ | 2 {\displaystyle |\langle {\vec {\lambda }},\psi \rangle |{2}}, where λ → {\displaystyle {\vec {\lambda }}} is its associated eigenvector. More generally, the eigenvalue is degenerate and the probability is given by ⟨ ψ , P λ ψ ⟩ {\displaystyle \langle \psi ,P{\lambda }\psi \rangle }, where P λ P{\lambda } is the projector onto its associated eigenspace. In the continuous case, these formulas give instead the probability density.
I’ve no idea if you’ve bamboozled me or not. 😂
He's on the up and up
Up and up? Are we sure he’s not charmed and strange?
Well, physical quantities of interest – position, momentum, energy, spin – are represented by observables, which are Hermitian (more precisely, self-adjoint) linear operators acting on the Hilbert space. A quantum state can be an eigenvector of an observable, in which case it is called an eigenstate, and the associated eigenvalue corresponds to the value of the observable in that eigenstate. More generally, a quantum state will be a linear combination of the eigenstates, known as a quantum superposition. When an observable is measured, the result will be one of its eigenvalues with probability given by the Born rule: in the simplest case the eigenvalue λ \lambda is non-degenerate and the probability is given by | ⟨ λ → , ψ ⟩ | 2 {\displaystyle |\langle {\vec {\lambda }},\psi \rangle |  
{2}},  
where λ → {\displaystyle {\vec {\lambda }}} is its associated eigenvector. More generally, the eigenvalue is degenerate and the probability is given by ⟨ ψ , P λ ψ ⟩ {\displaystyle \langle \psi ,P_{\lambda }\psi \rangle }, where P λ P_{\lambda } is the projector onto its associated eigenspace. In the continuous case, these formulas give instead the probability density.
To ensure a precise understanding, I would recommend including a definition of the bra-ket notation being used to describe quantum states and the inner product in the Hilbert space
This definitely reminds me of my quantum mechanics course. It's been a while but eigenvalues definitely ring a bell. What Carrey and Conan were saying sound like quantum chemistry but without having a visual it's hard to know if it's actually just babble. I did have a friend write a 30 page paper on quantum entanglement and some of what they were saying also sounded like her research
I got to the word "eigenvector" and thought you were clearly making shit up, but I'm pleased to find that is a real word. Scientists sometimes suck at naming things, but "eigenvector" sounds cool as shit.
The best explanation of eigenvectors is by 3blue1brown.. The whole linear algebra playlist is worth watching, regardless of viewers' math backgrounds.
Scientists and math people love making up cool terminology, but unless it's a useful definition it doesn't stick.  Nerds have tried to make "transmogrification" happen in multiple fields with no success. (Gretchen)
Jim Carrey is a legend
No no, he's real.
That's what the media wants you to believe. In reality, he is a tall green hairy humanoid hiding behind this Jim Carrey persona. In reality, he is a creature known as a Who and known by the name Grinch.
Don't look up his stance on vaccines.
In case anyone was wondering, everything they're saying makes no sense. They're doing "technobabble".
No it’s not. They are quoting a real quantum physics publication: https://lss.fnal.gov/archive/other/thesis/lapidus-l.pdf
ahaha op doesn't know quantum physics... ASS
/crowd laughs
No this is not technobabble. They’re talking about real effects that do happen in driven systems in Penning traps. They probably just grabbed a paper  off the Arxiv or something and took some sentences out of it and memorized them
...memorized them typed them into the prompter
You gotta do some practice if you're just reading off equations.
I realized at the phase psi of the electrons at steady state oscillation could either have two values separated by pi. Didn't make any sense.
Yes, yes, indeed, that's exactly what I realised too
luckily i understood it before i realized it. 
wont make that mistake again, lemme tell ya.
Ditto
gif
image/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/51965569/Ditto_Number_1.0.png)
Hey same actually. I didn't understand anything else, but when he said "either" and only gave a single variable, I was like huh? That uh.. didn't sound quite right 🥴
It actually makes some sense. Phase difference is measured in angular units, and if the units are radians the difference of pi just means that they are moving in exactly opposite phase.
not saying though that the whole thing makes sense though. I'm not a real quantum physicist anymore.
I’m not a real quantum physicist anymore.
Ah, entanglement, I presume?
He both is and isn't a quantum physicist
I take it you haven’t observed this yourself, have you?
I agree, they were actually doing a pretty good job up onto a point. However, a lot of this is how a paper might talk about a subject, rather than real scientists talking shop, which is more like "My PI says that I need to think more about this. What do you know about phase oscillations in a Penning trap?"
I also like that it's quoting a PRL paper
Phases being separated by pi (radians) isn't that weird though, even if all of it is just technobabble.
Alright, the statement talks about electrons behaving in a specific, predictable way. Imagine an electron not just as a particle but as a wave that wiggles. This wiggling can be described by something called "phase."
The "two values separated by pi" means that this wiggling behavior can exist in one of two specific states that are fundamentally different yet closely related, like opposite sides of a coin.
"Steady-state oscillation" means that this behavior is stable and keeps happening over time, not just a one-off thing.
[deleted]
No, a physicist would likely not bother to mention radians, if it is obvious you were talking about a phase difference.  Just like a snowboarder would say he did a "one-eighty", and not a "one-eighty degrees".
I know it's an extreme example, but even physicists are human sometimes.
My lecturer ranted how the word radians are artificial and unnecessary, so I should just drop it from my vocab because it made us seem like amateurs.
Like even Euler's identity doesn't bother with it, and that's straight maths.
The best example of technobabble is still the Rockwell Retro Encabulator, IMO.
No, the best is the original.
A little something like that, Lakeman.
That joke is actually even older:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turbo_encabulator
Yea my teacher use to do the same when she was teaching health class. Like how even small particles of semen survive for days inside the uterus and how ovulation can vary between menstrual cycles which is why the withdrawal method wasn’t safe. Bunch of techno made up words to scare and control us. That’s why I don’t send any of my 12 kids to public schools.
You are incorrect correct, see 
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gerald_Gabrielse#Trivia
and
L.J. Lapidus, D. Enzer and G. Gabrielse (1999-08-02). "Stochastic Phase-Switching of a Parametrically-Driven Electron in a Penning Trap" (PDF). Physical Review Letters, vol. 83 no. 5, 899.
I appreciate that the main example they give is from the Doctor, the king of technical nonsense.
Sounds like something from r/VXjunkies
You really can't see their eyes shifting between prompter and person?
I can especially with Jimmy C
Damn thing reads like stereo instructions.
We need more Conan and Carey together... buddy movie please
maybe in the yeaaarr twoooo thooouuuuussssaaaaannndddd!
There's literally a subreddit that posts stuff like this, and it took me a while to figure out it was all just nonsense. I totally blanked out on the name of that subreddit.
Edit: r/VXJunkies
This is Reddit on steroids
It's close, but Conan reiterated a common misconstruction.  Most amplitude collapses in a Penning trap are accompanied by a phase "flip" (he means "inversion"), but that is only a nondeterministic consequence of the fact that, in practice,  the trap can never have a magnetic flux that is a mathematically precise multiple of the Planck length; therefore the amplitude collapse will be inverted 180° because of the value separation of 𝝅, except in those rare instances when the collapse happens to become determinate at the precise moment of the probabilistic outcome.  
Good on Conan for knowing the relevant equation, but if he actually understood it he would see that the phase inversion is trivial.  But at least that's not as egregious a fallacy as Max's boner.  What a shithead.
God I miss old Conan on Late Night
You’ve heard his podcast right?
Can confirm, Max Weinberg is indeed an ass. See Conan's interview with Questlove for proof
This is brilliant. Everything about this is brilliantly executed. It's clearly a word salad of sciency terms, but it's so well done.
Alright, let's break it down for a 12-year-old!
Imagine you have a marble (which represents an electron) in a bowl (that's the Penning trap). Normally, if you just put the marble in the bowl, it'll sit at the bottom. But, if you shake the bowl up and down (that's the "parametrically driven" part), the marble can roll up and down the sides of the bowl.
Now, think about the marble having two ways it can roll: one way and the opposite way (imagine it going clockwise and then counterclockwise). These two ways are the "two steady-state oscillations".
The "stochastic phase switching" means that, sometimes, because of some random noise or tiny pushes (like if someone were to randomly tap the bowl), the marble might suddenly switch from rolling one way to rolling the other way. That sudden switch is the main point of this study.
This research from Harvard University is trying to study and understand this switching, using real electrons in a trap, to learn more about how these tiny particles behave under certain conditions.
Yeah, I’m pretty sure they made most of that up. If you listen to some of the things they say, it makes no sense.
Well some of it doesn't sound made up.
It's some technobabble and some correct notation in quantum mechanics. Saying things like "the phase psi of the electron steady state oscillation" blah blah refers to the wave function that represents the state of the particle. And they do actually use psi (Ψ) for that. Then Conan throws in some other bs like epsilon and rho and d and e and whatever which are also variables and constants commonly used in electromagnetism.
They most likely just have a physicist writer on staff that knows exactly how to throw the jargon into a sentence that is technically correct, but would never be used even among scientists.
/me puts on glasses
The sum of the square roots of any two sides of an isosceles triangle is equal to the square root of the remaining side.
That's a right triangle, you idiot!
Doh!
This is like a modern unladen swallow but from Holy Grail 😂😂
FOOLS!  Don't they know this only applies in a non-rotating reference frame?
God, I miss these shows.
How physics sounds to me:
First, they take the dinglebop, and they smooth it out with a bunch of schleem. The schleem is then repurposed for later batches. They take the dinglebop and they push it through the grumbo, where the fleeb is rubbed against it. It’s important that the fleeb is rubbed, because the fleeb has all of the fleeb juice. Then a schlami shows up, and he rubs it and spits on it. They cut the fleeb. There’s several hizzards in the way. The blamfs rub against the chumbles. And the ploobis and grumbo are shaved away. That leaves you with a regular old plumbus.
Post it to r/quantumphysics
Please tell me I’m not the only person with a link to the paper.
https://cfp.physics.northwestern.edu/documents/StochasticPhaseSwitching.pdf
Definitely true. The math checks out.
I.nit a smart man, but I know what a sketch is.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Penning_trap
It took me a minute to realize that was Jim Carrey for a moment. I though lt Matt Mercer was on the Conan show for a minute there.
Just waiting for him to start waxing lyrical about the sodomised electrons...
……soooooo you’re saying I have a chance ?!
Physicist here: Yeah, this is standard quantum theory stuff, applied to a particular situation involving exciting (energizing) a trapped electron. Sounds like gibberish if you’re not familiar, but this describes real stuff, and technology today rests firmly on all the results this kind of analysis has produced.
It’s called a skit 🙄
Man nothing beat classic Late Night Conan, he was still good after but this show was unparalleled.
It is all true, nothing of it giberish, and they are quoting formulae and text from the following experimental quantum physics publication:
L.J. Lapidus, D. Enzer and G. Gabrielse (1999-08-02). "Stochastic Phase-Switching of a Parametrically-Driven Electron in a Penning Trap" (PDF). Physical Review Letters, vol. 83 no. 5, 899.
See also the section "Trivia" of the Wikipedia page of one of the authors:
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gerald_Gabrielse
I am assuming you just wanna know what they are talking about  and what's the joke. Bistable system, self explanatory, two stable states and something vibrates between them. You would think it's periodic but in the quantum realm it's randomly spaced. The calculation they mentioned is a way of finding a pattern for this vibration between states as a function of something. The actual thing is at quantum level so it's theoretical. To approximate this experiment they use an electron between two stable states and some gizmos. The function they arrive at is something like x = 2 (y + t), t is the parameter on which the function changes which is what they are talking about, which is just the noise intentionally induced. The joke was that the drummer said the wrong formula, he said it's x = 3( y + t). So to answer your question, yes, what they are talking about is scientifically sound.
What they said is true, they just thought that it would  be funny to make show talk about it. And it was funny 😁
When the show had Max it was literally so good! The moments they would stare at each other randomly was my favorite
That’s a great bit
I’m so glad all these smart commenters are telling me they’re reading cue cards. I never would have figured that out on my own.
Conan truly is the Goat, isn't he?
Hire a drummer who went to community college, you get what you get.
I love how they are straight reading that.
I'm not saying he's talking out his ass, but his eyes sure do look locked on a teleprompter...
He gave his ex herpes and she suicide because of it.
Max, the guy who asked interns to work on his housework. LOL.
They're clearly reading it off cards behind the camera.
Its all bull shit
He kinda looks like Matt Mercer (yes I know it’s Jim Cary
He looks like that lady that’s been popular on tiktok who looks like Jim Carey
It's called a bit
they are reading from a teleprompter and is all true except for the fact that recently we have found out that Atom arrays in optical cavities interfaced with optical photons serve as the nodes of QRs and similar, possibly smaller versions of the end-node QPUs. Repeaters can be spaced by ~50 km and contain multiple atoms for multiplexing, entanglement swapping, and other deterministic logic operations such as entanglement purification. Red atoms denote communication qubits and green atoms denote data qubits.
So yeah, apart that is all good